 Hey Vsauce, Michael here. I have never made an announcement video, but what a way to start. Adam Savage and I, yes, the Adam Savage, have been working on something delicious and nutritious and live on stage. We've created a show called Brain Candy. You can get tickets at braincandylive.com to begin. We're taking the show to 40 cities across the United States. And it's not a small show. It is literally going to take trucks, plural, to carry the metric tons of stuff that we will be using to build and explore and interact with on stage. These 40 cities are just the beginning. If you don't see your city on the list, give your local theaters a call and tell them that your mind wants a treat. They'll know you're talking about Brain Candy. Now I will continue making Vsauce1 videos. They are my blood. But this show is a chance for you to touch my blood. What I'm trying to say is that Brain Candy is Adam and I doing what you know us for in an entirely new format that lets us get closer to you. Videos are awesome, but some things need to be felt and held and smelled to be truly understood, especially intuitively. For example, what is this? Well, it's a huge piece of tungsten metal, one of the densest materials it is safe and affordable to own this and then we could talk about it. Oh wait. BrainCandyLive.com. Now I may or may not be bringing Tungsten with me but the point is Brain Candy is Adam and I interacting with you all and bringing lots of you on stage so don't miss out. As you can imagine, Adam has been the perfect companion for this. I'm so grateful. When we first started talking I was like, a live show? Before YouTube, performing live was what I did. I can't wait to to do it again And I can't wait for you all to see Adam and I together It's hilarious, and I mean wow I have journals full of all the ideas We've had together we have fit as many of these into brain candy as we can it's a show that is great for the entire family and It's what your brain craves. BrainCandyLive.com. The best time to get tickets is now. And as always, thanks for watching!